how
So
big
Ouch my brother oops oops
Run carefully
Mom, it's so windy
There is a real hurricane
Fortunately, Mr. Iron brought us here
Otherwise we're all done, yeah?
If it were you, we would all be dead
Thank you thank you sir thank you sir thank you thank you
Thank you, sir.
You're welcome in a hurry, you're welcome.
Qingfeng, I'm sorry.
I misunderstood you before, Dad, I'm sorry.
You won't be angry with Yaoyao, will you?
How could I blame Yaoyao?
I love you too late
Hey, what about my mom and Mengran?
They stand over there
Ouch, my waist, my waist.
Ouch.
Here's my leg.
My waist.
My leg! My leg!
Ah!
This crap research phone
You can't really predict natural disasters, can you?
You bet.
Otherwise
How does he know when a hurricane is coming?
Ouch my waist
How is that possible?
A junk phone can not only be waterproof, bolt-proof and dustproof
It can actually predict likes
The technology content of this design
Definitely cross-generational
By the way, when will this mobile phone be mass-produced?
Be sure to give us some orders then.
Yes!
Please give us a chance to cooperate.
We don't bring labor costs
We will bear all the costs ourselves.
We don't want shares anymore
Besides, I'll give Gorgeous 5 million math
We are willing to offer 50% of the company's shares
Please be gorgeous and cooperate with us.
We would also like to
We are willing to cooperate.
We have an opportunity to invest.
Ladies and gentlemen
You shut up like they're useless
Hahaha
What is this for?
Mr. Chen's predecessor gave me a chance to cooperate